# Django web framework
Ganben

## Course 1: Basics

Start the first course with following questions:

1. what is Django?
2. what does a web framework do?
3. what is the concept of web server, host address, url?
4. what is an app in Django project?
5. what is a view of app?
6. how to add a view to your django site?
7. what is the app's url config and site's url config?
8. how the database is connected to django?
9. what is the relationship between models and database tables?
10. how to migrate the automatically generated SQLs?
11. the basic database operation and how to implement in django?
12. manage the site and the database

## Resources for further reading

- [Web framework](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Web_framework) aim to  automate the general development of web applications. Three key specs: database access, templating framework, and session management.
- How web framework is actually works: [MVC](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Model%E2%80%93view%E2%80%93controller) . A simple explanation: model: data model and structure, in a large system, it is usually dev by so called: Backend developers. view: the web page u can see, html5, css, js content, usually dev by so called Frontend developers. controller: the action logics of how view and data are binded and flow-controlled, it can be implement in frontend as well as in backend. in a full-stack web framework (e.g. Django, the controller directly operate the view and data model layer.)
- How web application actually works? the client's browser(Chrome) will sent a http 'GET' request to a url, the request will delivered to the url's address via TCP/IP and complicate route services. The host will parse the incoming request and response with a HTTP resource, the reponse is not a plain text but packed in HTTP protocol, with code, encoding and many other attributes. The content is called HTML document, usually generated by a templating engine (in Django it's called Jinja2) and rendered in client's browser. The browser will execute the JS script inside the responsed HTML document. User can interact with this HTML document with it's JS script and CSS style. The backend's work is actually on how to listen the incomming request, do session management and generate response. The frontend's work is on letting the templating engine to generate the designed HTML document, has designed visual effect and adapting to multi browser, multi resolution and multi devices (e.g. mobile device).
- what's happening in backend? there are some detailed explain ( not for django but for another popular MVC web framework in Java, [Spring workflow](https://docs.spring.io/spring/docs/current/spring-framework-reference/html/mvc.html), the django's route is actually built on [Flask]()
- what's happening in frontend? find ES5 specification and HTML5 standards, but, in django we don't need think in raw content, because Jinja2 is generating for us, the required knowledge is on templating engine: [Jinja2](http://jinja.pocoo.org/docs/2.9/). Simple concept: you write a simplified Jinja2 templating script instead of writing HTML5 tags and other raw codes.

There may be some diagram todo.


